on another week I've gotta say hey what
is up people of the internet so I am
back with another video for this week
and it's a little different to the usual
stuff I mean I feel like I'm saying this
every week it's something weird or
different but it is I was just casually
thinking the other day what would it be
like to be a Tyrannosaurus Rex but more
importantly what would it be like to
have tiny arms here are some things
t-rex
can't do
yeah
when Guardian lovey
Oh sir
whoa Wow
that's my toilet seat broken where is it
Oh
find jump kick
yes yes
Oh
you now know some of the things a t-rex
can't do you've just wasted five three
minutes of your life watching it
watching things a t-rex can't do don't
forget to subscribe to my channel cuz
that's all that cool kids are doing
these days and when I'm not on YouTube
I'm on Twitter so you pretty much have
to follow me there you can actually
click my face follow me on Twitter
and it's like you know you're you're
following me and I sometimes stalk you
so it's like a two-way relationship in a
way of stalking I mean I don't know how
you'd feel about that but I'm open to
suggestions I will see you guys next
time goodbye
kills nailed it
Olie Olie Olie Olie Olie Olie so his
name is Ollie white he's the best in the
land cuz every single video it makes no
one's gonna be Gregg's I got
got more stuff in a jail Holly you store
UK man
these up-and-down unjust